Simple Prog Logic Practice Jul 2022 
Simple Programming Logic Practice Tasks (Java)
1. A number is SPECIAL if it is exactly divisible by 15, a number is considered is BIG 
if it is greater than 999, a number is WIERED if it is exactly divisible by 5 and 6 
but not by 18. A number is SCARY if it is BIG or WEIRD. Write a program for 
checking whether the given number belongs to any of the above.
2. Write a program to convert the given centigrade temperature to foreign heat
3. Write a program to read three positive numbers and print the min, max and 
average of the given.
4. Write a program to read the month in integer and print the month name. Print 
"Invalid month" message if invalid number is given.
5. Write a program to print alphabets in lowercase from 'a' to 'z'.
6. Write a program to print the sum of alternate 7 divisible numbers between 1 and 
200.
7. Write a program to print the numbers from 1 to 100 with five values per line, 
two blank spaces between values.
8. Write a program to print the conversion table to change the temperature in 
centigrade(C) to temperature in Fahrenheit (F) for all temperatures between 28C 
to 50C.Use the formula F= (9/5) C+32.
9. Write a program to read in a series of positive and negative numbers and print 
each number with its square and its square root.
10. Write a program to check the given number for palindrome number
11. Write a program to check the given number for Armstrong number
12. Write a program to print all palindrome numbers between 100 and 200.
13. Write a program to print alternative prime numbers between 1 and 100 in 
reverse direction.
14. Write a program to read series of numbers and print all prime, Armstrong and 
palindrome numbers.
15. Write a program to print the binary equivalent for the given decimal number
16. Write a program to print the decimal equivalent for the given binary number
17. Write a program to print the Fibonacci series for the given number of terms.
18. Write a program to print the sum of given numbers through command line.
19. Write a program to print the pyramid of '$' for the given number of lines
20. Write a program to print the diamond 'K' for the given number of lines.
21. Write a program to find out the factorial of a given number using recursion.
22. Write a program to find out the given number for Fibonacci number using 
recursion logic
23. Write a program to display the sum of Fibonacci numbers for the given number 
of terms.
24. Write a user defined function to evaluate the password under the categories 
week pwd (No capital letter, numerical value and special character), medium (At 
least one capital letter), strong(at least one capital letter, one numeric and one 
special character) and display the strength of the password.
